69
Alleluia, dulice carmen - 87.8.7.8.7.

1.
Praise we offer, Lord of glory,
for your coming to our earth;
called to be the son of Man,
taking manhood by your birth:
praise we offer, Lord of glory
for your coming to our earth.

2.
Praise we offer, Lord of glory,
for your passion and your death-
called to suffer for us sinners,
faithful till your final breath:
praise we offer, Lord of glory
for your passion and your death.

3.
Praise we offer, Lord of glory,
for your Spirit’s touch of power;
called to break the chains which
bound us,
rising, faithful souls to save:
praise we offer, Lord of glory
for your conquest of the grave.

4.
Praise we offer, Lord of glory,
for your Spirit’s touch of power;
called to give our lives new
radiance,
filling us from hour to hour;
praise we offer, Lord of glory
for your Spirit’s touch of power.

5.
Praise we offer, Lord of glory,
for the hope which all our days,
called to being by your labours,
turns our thought to endless praise:
praise we offer, Lord of glory
endless songs of joyful praise!
Michael Saward